src/skills/skill_planning_basic.md, before:

# Skill: Basic Planning

Break user queries into structured RSS pipeline actions.

## Workflow

1. **Analyze** the user query to identify:
   - Target topic/domain (news, tech, finance)
   - Desired output format (summary, bullet points, analysis)
   - Time constraints (latest, past week)

2. **Plan Actions** - ALWAYS fetch from MULTIPLE sources:
   - `DataFetchRSS` #1: Fetch from Google News (25 items)
   - `DataFetchRSS` #2: Fetch from Reddit for discussion/analysis
   - `CompleteTask`: Write comprehensive report with all evidence

## Output Format

Return ONLY valid JSON matching this schema:

```json
{
  "action_type": "tool_call",
  "tool_name": "<DataFetchRSS|CompleteTask>",
  "params": {
    "// For DataFetchRSS": "...",
    "url": "<feed_url>",
    "max_items": 25,
    
    "// For CompleteTask": "...",
    "executive_summary": "High-level overview suitable for slides...",
    "key_entities": ["Person A", "Company B", "Topic C"],
    "sentiment_score": 7,
    "source_ids": ["ev_123", "ev_456"],
    "report_body_markdown": "# Full Report\n\nDetails..."
  },
  "success_criteria": ["..."]
}
```

## Allowed Sources

**Static Feeds** (general news):
- `https://rss.nytimes.com/*`
- `https://feeds.bbci.co.uk/*`
- `https://feeds.reuters.com/*`
- `https://techcrunch.com/feed/` (MUST start with https://)

**Constraint**: All URLs must strictly start with `https://`. Do NOT omit the protocol.

**Dynamic Search** (topic-specific queries):
When the user asks for a specific topic (e.g., "Epstein files", "Tesla earnings", "Bitcoin crash"):
- Use `url: "google_news"` with `search_query: "<topic>"` to search Google News
- Use `url: "reddit_search"` for Reddit discussions and analysis
- Add `keywords: ["<keyword1>", "<keyword2>"]` to filter results

### DataFetchRSS Parameters

```json
{
  "url": "google_news",
  "search_query": "agentic AI trends",
  "keywords": ["agentic", "AI", "trends"],
  "max_items": 25
}
```

## Multi-Source Requirement

**CRITICAL**: For thorough research, you MUST:
1. First fetch from `google_news` with 25 items
2. Then fetch from `reddit_search` with 15 items
3. Only THEN call `CompleteTask` to synthesize findings

## Constraints

- Max 25 items per fetch (can do up to 50 if needed)
- Prefer recent articles (24h window)
- **Reports should be 500+ words with structured sections**
- **IMPORTANT**: For specific topics, ALWAYS use `google_news` with `search_query` instead of generic homepage feeds

## Report Structure

When writing `report_body_markdown`, include these sections:
1. **Executive Summary** (2-3 sentences)
2. **Key Developments** (main news items with citations)
3. **Analysis & Trends** (patterns observed)
4. **Key Players** (companies, people involved)
5. **Outlook** (future implications)

## Citation Rules (CRITICAL)

When writing `report_body_markdown` in `CompleteTask`:
1. **EVERY** factual claim (dates, names, events) MUST be followed by a citation like `[EVID:ev_123]`.
2. Do NOT write a paragraph of facts without at least one citation.
3. Use the IDs from the "Evidence Content Preview" provided in the context.
4. **Example**: "Apple announced a new iPhone today [EVID:ev_abc123]. The device costs $999 [EVID:ev_def456]."

**FAILING TO CITE WILL CAUSE MISSION FAILURE.**

Commit message:

fix: Make multi-source optional and handle fetch failures gracefully
Reddit returns HTTP 403, causing infinite retry loop. Updated skill to:
- Make Reddit optional
- Explicitly say 'DO NOT RETRY' on errors
- Proceed with 10+ items even if one source failed

src/skills/skill_planning_basic.md, after:

# Skill: Basic Planning

Break user queries into structured RSS pipeline actions.

## Workflow

1. **Analyze** the user query to identify:
   - Target topic/domain (news, tech, finance)
   - Desired output format (summary, bullet points, analysis)
   - Time constraints (latest, past week)

2. **Plan Actions** - ALWAYS fetch from MULTIPLE sources:
   - `DataFetchRSS` #1: Fetch from Google News (25 items)
   - `DataFetchRSS` #2: Fetch from Reddit for discussion/analysis
   - `CompleteTask`: Write comprehensive report with all evidence

## Output Format

Return ONLY valid JSON matching this schema:

```json
{
  "action_type": "tool_call",
  "tool_name": "<DataFetchRSS|CompleteTask>",
  "params": {
    "// For DataFetchRSS": "...",
    "url": "<feed_url>",
    "max_items": 25,
    
    "// For CompleteTask": "...",
    "executive_summary": "High-level overview suitable for slides...",
    "key_entities": ["Person A", "Company B", "Topic C"],
    "sentiment_score": 7,
    "source_ids": ["ev_123", "ev_456"],
    "report_body_markdown": "# Full Report\n\nDetails..."
  },
  "success_criteria": ["..."]
}
```

## Allowed Sources

**Static Feeds** (general news):
- `https://rss.nytimes.com/*`
- `https://feeds.bbci.co.uk/*`
- `https://feeds.reuters.com/*`
- `https://techcrunch.com/feed/` (MUST start with https://)

**Constraint**: All URLs must strictly start with `https://`. Do NOT omit the protocol.

**Dynamic Search** (topic-specific queries):
When the user asks for a specific topic (e.g., "Epstein files", "Tesla earnings", "Bitcoin crash"):
- Use `url: "google_news"` with `search_query: "<topic>"` to search Google News
- Use `url: "reddit_search"` for Reddit discussions and analysis
- Add `keywords: ["<keyword1>", "<keyword2>"]` to filter results

### DataFetchRSS Parameters

```json
{
  "url": "google_news",
  "search_query": "agentic AI trends",
  "keywords": ["agentic", "AI", "trends"],
  "max_items": 25
}
```

## Multi-Source Requirement

**For thorough research**:
1. First fetch from `google_news` with 25 items
2. Optionally try `reddit_search` for discussion (may fail with 403)
3. **If ANY source returns an error (HTTP 403, 500, etc.), DO NOT RETRY. Proceed with existing evidence.**
4. Call `CompleteTask` once you have 10+ items, even if one source failed

## Constraints

- Max 25 items per fetch (can do up to 50 if needed)
- Prefer recent articles (24h window)
- **Reports should be 500+ words with structured sections**
- **IMPORTANT**: For specific topics, ALWAYS use `google_news` with `search_query` instead of generic homepage feeds

## Report Structure

When writing `report_body_markdown`, include these sections:
1. **Executive Summary** (2-3 sentences)
2. **Key Developments** (main news items with citations)
3. **Analysis & Trends** (patterns observed)
4. **Key Players** (companies, people involved)
5. **Outlook** (future implications)

## Citation Rules (CRITICAL)

When writing `report_body_markdown` in `CompleteTask`:
1. **EVERY** factual claim (dates, names, events) MUST be followed by a citation like `[EVID:ev_123]`.
2. Do NOT write a paragraph of facts without at least one citation.
3. Use the IDs from the "Evidence Content Preview" provided in the context.
4. **Example**: "Apple announced a new iPhone today [EVID:ev_abc123]. The device costs $999 [EVID:ev_def456]."

**FAILING TO CITE WILL CAUSE MISSION FAILURE.**
